c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll.config
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.csproj.App.config
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll
c:\users\nathan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll.config
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\EmotionCalc2.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.dll
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.pdb
C:\Users\Nathan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\EmotionCalculator\EmotionCalc2\EmotionCalc2\obj\Debug\EmotionCalc2.History.xaml.g.cs
